Adds Git Executable to commit issues page (#165)
gitkraken/gitkraken-client-docs: gitkraken-client/common-issues.md

---

***
### General Troubleshooting for GitKraken Client 9.4.0+

In 9.4.0, GitKraken introduced the experimental feature for the [Git Executable](/gitkraken-client/experimental-features/#git-executable). As this is currently an experimental feature that our team is continuing to improve on, you can try adjusting your use of the Git Executable.

Under `Preferences > Experimental`, first try adjusting the `Git Executable` version used. If you are using the “Bundled with GitKraken” version (comes pre-installed with GitKraken) try changing this to your own version of Git. If you do not have this installed, it can be downloaded [here](https://git-scm.com/download).

> The reason this may help is because the Bundled version is a minimal install of Git, which does not insclude all features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason this may help is because the Bundled version is a minimal install of Git, which does not include all features (specifically bash programs that may be used in Git Hooks).
```

<img src="/wp-content/uploads/gkc-git-executable-version.png" class="img-responsive center img-bordered">

If using your own version does not resolve the issue, try unchecking `Use Git Executable`.

<img src="/wp-content/uploads/gkc-use-git-executable.png" class="img-responsive center img-bordered">

If this does resolve your issue, it is very important to note that GitKraken Client is transitioning all actions to the Git Executable (from LibGit2/nodegit) and the Git Executable will become the exclusive way GitKraken Client performs Git operations in a future release.

> As such, it is crutial for our team to be made aware of any issues related to using the Git Executable so we can look into and address them. Please reach out to our [support team](https://help.gitkraken.com/gitkraken-client/contact-support/) if you experience any issues with using this Experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, it is crucial for our team to be made aware of any issues related to using the Git Executable so we can look into and address them. Please reach out to our [support team](https://help.gitkraken.com/gitkraken-client/contact-support/) if you experience any issues with using this Experimental feature.
```
